Act 3 summary: Act 3 starts with the news of the Mars rebellion. 251 and Eris' relationship becomes increasingly strained, and the experiments become more invasive & uncomfortable. As the story progresses, their relationship devolves, building up to the final confrontation.

Scene 3-1: Eris has gone to a board meeting and left Galatea alone in her quarters. Perhaps Galatea reminisces about how far they've come? When Eris returns, she gives Galatea the bad news: there was a worker's rebellion on Mars led by LFTR robots, and the company put the blame on a flaw inherent to the LFTR model's design. All units on the planet were decommissioned, and because of the flaw, all LFTR models were under suspicion and thus ineligible to receive the new chassis. Galatea is distraught at this. Eris reassures her, running a hand over her metal chassis, that *she* will not be decommissioned, and will still receive the chassis she was promised. The campaign had to go forward, with the public being told that the old models would receive the new bodies, while in reality, only Galatea would. Daedalus couldn't afford to risk corruption spreading in such an advanced generation of robots. As Eris explains the reasoning, Galatea sympathizes, and accepts that it's what has to happen—but her doubt is growing. What if Eris isn't telling the truth?

Scene 3-2: Directly afterwards, Galatea is given maintenance; nothing too complicated or invasive, just standard to keep her running until she receives her new body. During the maintenance, Galatea asks what the flaw is, and whether she also has it. If it's a flaw in the LFTR model, she must, right?
Eris pauses. She puts her tools aside and says that the flaw is only causes a slight preinclination towards rebellious activities. Galatea has this flaw, but it doesn't mean she's destined to betray Daedalus or Eris herself. The board understands this, which is why Galatea will still be given the new chassis, but no other LFTR has earned that privilege. It was a compromise Eris had to make.
Galatea still has doubts, but Eris gets back to work, and it's clear the conversation is over.

Scene 3-3: Using her (limited) access to the rest of the headquarters, Galatea tries to look more into the Mars rebellion. When she isn't allowed to connect to a terminal that would get her into the files specific to the rebellion, she attempts to sneak in anyway. She's caught. Eris has to step in to prevent the threat of decommissioning, assuring security it won't happen again.

Scene 3-4: Back in her quarters, Eris scolds Galatea for attempting to get past security. Galatea pushes back, saying she should be allowed to know about a flaw in her own design. After some back and forth, Eris compromises: even if Galatea should have been allowed to access the files, she can't be allowed to so soon after the Mars rebellion. By the time she gets her new chassis, suspicion will have faded, and restrictions will be lighter. Galatea relents, but she's not satisfied with this, either. She and Eris do not do their usual intimate activities that night.

Scene 3-5: In the workshop, the preparations/experiments Eris is doing are becoming uncomfortable to Galatea. When she complains, Eris suggests installing a pleasure module to make it more tolerable, even enjoyable. Galatea halfheartedly agrees, and the procedure is done quickly so Eris can get right back into it. The examination is still uncomfortable—to the point of pain—but now there's pleasure mixed in with it, the combined experience making Galatea uneasy. Any other complaints or concerns are dismissed or ignored, and Galatea notices that.

Scene 3-6: An argument between Eris and Galatea about the lack of information Galatea has access to on the Mars rebellion. Eris asks why Galatea is so interested in it, and Galatea repeats her assertion that the mysterious flaw in her model is something she should know about. Eris repeats that she needs to be compliant and not cause trouble for the ceremony. Everything Galatea tries to say is shut down. Eris tells her she needs to think about the future and the argument ends.
